---
title: Year in Review, 2017
date: 2018-01-03 011:23:34
---

Another year of writing has passed me by. Here's a post about what I had published in 2017, plus some nifty writing stats.

__2017 Publications__
["When All the Clocks Are Wrong."](http://escapepod.org/2017/09/07/ep592-when-all-the-clocks-are-wrong/) _Escape Pod_
The story this year that is closest to my heart. A woman finds herself thrown forward and backward in time, and has to deal with the complications. It's a story about parenthood, too, and the precious moments of our lives, and some thoughts about how tricky time can really be.

["Pulling Secrets from Stones."](https://www.amazon.com/Mythic-3-Summer-2017/dp/1945810076) _Mythic_
The magic of ordinary things, old trucks, and spontaneous berry pie. I write a lot about pie.

["To the Eggplant Cannon." ](http://magazine.metaphorosis.com/story/2017/to-the-eggplant-cannon-beth-goder/)  _Metaphorosis_
A magician navigates her way through a vegetable-themed amusement park. Silliness, glitter, and someone dressed in a garlic suit (which is really a thing I saw at an amusement park once!)

This is my second year of eligibility for the Campbell Award.

__Writing Stats__
Submissions: 97
Acceptances: 8 
Publications: 5
Rejections: 91

Many of the acceptances/publications were reprints, which I didn't think about keeping track of until I wrote up these statistics. (This is my first year having reprints, which reminds me that I haven't even been doing this that long, even if it feels like it.) In 2018, I'll make a new spreadsheet to make finding these end-of-year statistics easier. (I got pretty excited when I figured out how to freeze the first row in Excel so I'm hoping this will be a good year for spreadsheets.)

I also make special note of all of the rejections (the many, many rejections) I received, because it's not always obvious, but I think most writers are being rejected all the time. (At least, it's certainly true for me.) I hope these numbers will be encouraging to others. It doesn't matter how many times you get rejected; you only need to find that editor who is going to love your story!

For 2018, I have a spiffy new planner to keep track of all my writing stuff. I am using highlighters! It will be great!
